Liminal arc assessment

Exigo has a robust MLM engine and works well for MLM needs while fluid works well as a ecommerce engine for MLM

Distributor Backoffice is .net source code built using boiler plate exigo source code. The issue there is a lot of tight coupling. There is no separation between front end and backend. Because there is not much documentation on it, there is a heavy reliance on exigo's knowledge on this which creates heavy dependancy on exigo for customizations. There is not a lot of support on this which can cause a lot of libraries etc to go out of support. 

The exigo boilerplate is designed to work with its own replicated site and ecommerce flows. While this is currently in very low usage, the base architecture does not support or make it easy to work with other ecommerce systems making it a bottleneck. Some of the bottlenecks observed are around profile management, subscription management, payment tokenization


 
 
The systems observed
Landing site - Luminalarc.com where customers can view/subscribe the available subscriptions

Customer admin - This is the admin site where customers can view their accounts. This includes the family and friends plan, subscription management and tokenization. While we want all the tokenization to happen on fluid going forward, the system is currently not setup that way. Users are able to login to their account and update their credit card information which tokenizes the card in Exigo and not in fluid. There is a dichotomy that exists here which will continue for a long time with card tokenization happening in both exigo and fluid

Distributor admin - This is the site th
MLM engine
Data


Backoffice:
Heavily usage of exigo's boiler plate code. Tightly coupled architecture making it very difficult to integrate anything new. Outdated UI + expensive to make modifications and response timeline varies based on exigo priority

Webapp:
While this is not in scope of the assessment, the one touch point is that the users will have to login multiple times. For example, once the user is logged in as a customer or as an affiliate, they should not have to login again to get to the web application

Subscriptions
Some subscriptions in exigo and some subscriptions in fluid. This causes tokenization conflicts. Future state for subscriptions will be in the fluid. some issues have happened with double charging because of token mismatching


Data
Exigo is a great MLM engine. We are retro fitting that engine with additional features which it is not originally built for. The boilerplat code originally provided is to facilitate the initial use of exigo and not really meant for long term usage. At some point customers will need to own the look and feel. Tomorrow if customer decides to move out of exigo into a different system, the boilerplat code will not be useable. Even with the current boiler plate code, it take a lot of time to push new features out to customers or pinpoint issues and resolve them. We are in firefighting mode that is taking time and energry away from giving energy away from serving customers or adopting AI driven development

What are we doing with analytics
Google analytics and powerBI is currently in use for data but a lot more can be done around it

What metrics are used to determine the health of the business


Profile management is not centralized. A user could have subscriptions in exigo and in fluid

Administrative tooling can be improved.

Role based access control should be present on the sites and currently there is none





Subscriptions is the main problem area


Recommendations
Extricate profile into a separate application with APIs
Extricate payments into a separate application with APIs
Extricate subscriptions into a separate application with APIs
Extricate family and friends into a separate application with APIs
Extricate signup and upgrade flows to a separate application



Add a table for source of truth data
Subject				| Desired state for Source of truth | Current state 
Profile				| Exigo								| Mixed
Payin (tokenization)| Fluid								| Mixed
Commission payouts	| Exigo								| Exigo
Family and Friends	| Separate							| Exigo	Extended (Retrofit)
Subscriptions		| Fluid								| Mixed


Hosting
Have a separate cloud subscription for limbic arc

Observability
Datadog

CICD
Development practice needs to be setup

AI
We are currently playing "defense" when we should be thinking about what features/enhancements can be offered to customers with ease and speed. This can easily be used by leveraging AI


What if
	Simple use case: Add a common banner to a specific group of users on the top of all logged in pages
	Simple use case: change the contact us page to match the modern formatting provided by fluid
	Harder use case: Change the UX to match the modern UX
	Even harder use case: Provide the ability for the User to change the theme, move the widgets on the screen and save their preferences
	Even harder use case: Give a 5% discount to family and friends on their birthdays
	
	
	